= ActiveAdmin Sortable Tree

This gem adds a tree and a list view to your ActiveAdmin resource index,
both sortable via drag'n'drop.


== Installation

* Gemfile:

    gem "activeadmin-sortable-tree", :github => "nebirhos/activeadmin-sortable-tree", :branch => "master"


*WARNING!* Not compatible with neo/activeadmin-sortable[https://github.com/neo/activeadmin-sortable]


== Usage (Tree)

* Admin (eg. app/admin/page.rb):

    ActiveAdmin.register Page do
      sortable tree: true

      index :as => :sortable do
        label :title # item content
        default_actions
      end
    end

* Model: activeadmin-sortable-tree is agnostic to the tree
  implementation. All you have to do is expose a sorting attribute and
  a few tree methods (:parent, :children and :roots).
  Let's say you use Ancestry[https://github.com/stefankroes/ancestry]:

    class Page < ActiveRecord::Base
      attr_accessible :title, :body, :position
      has_ancestry :orphan_strategy => :rootify
    end


  You can configure these methods if you need:

    ActiveAdmin.register Page do
      sortable tree: true,
               max_levels: 0, # infinite indent levels
               protect_root: false, # allow root items to be dragged
               sorting_attribute: :position,
               parent_method: :parent,
               children_method: :children,
               roots_method: :roots
      ...
    end


== Usage (List)

* Admin (eg. app/admin/page.rb):

    ActiveAdmin.register Page do
      sortable

      index :as => :sortable do
        label :title # item content
        default_actions
      end
    end

* Model: Sortable list assumes you have a :position field in your
  resource. Of course it's configurable:

    ActiveAdmin.register Page do
      sortable tree: false, # default
               sorting_attribute: :my_position_field
      ...
    end


== Usage (generic ActiveAdmin index)

Currently supports only IndexAsBlock, more to come!

* Admin (eg. app/admin/page.rb):

    ActiveAdmin.register Page do
      sortable

      index :as => :block do |page|
        # item content
      end
    end

* Model: Same as list view (see above)

== Ajax Callback Config

It exposes three Ajax Events: ajaxDone, ajaxFail and ajaxAlways, which correspond to jQuery ajax callbacks: done, fail and always.

To subscribe Ajax callback:

    ActiveAdminSortableEvent.add('ajaxDone', function (){
      // do what you want
    })

== Copyright

Copyright © 2013 Francesco Disperati, Cantiere Creativo. See the file MIT-LICENSE for details.
